Add Application centric deployment guide (#453)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_creating_an_application_instance.adoc

[id="{context}_creating_an_application_instance"]
= Creating an Application Instance

You can create xref:{context}_application_instances[application instances] as a blueprint for users to provision and configure hosts.

.Procedure
. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Application > App Instances* and click the *New Application Instance* button.
. In the *Name* field, enter the name of the new application instance.
. In the *Description* field, enter an arbitrary description.
. From the *Application Definition* menu, select an existing application definition.
. In the table, connect the hosts and necessary services:

> ** In the *Hostname* field, enter a unique name for the host.

Reviewer: Can you add substeps rather than bullets.

Author: Fixed.

> You may choose from all lowercase characters, digits, and hyphens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can enter lowercase characters, digits, and hyphens.
```

Author: Applied.

> Hosts may not start with a hyphen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Hosts cannot start with a hyphen.
```
From IBM style guide: 

"“May” is overused in technical information and should in most instances be changed to “can” or “might.”"

Author: Thanks, applied!

> ** In the *Description* field, enter an arbitrary description.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** In the *Description* field, enter a description.
```

Author: Applied.
